Remove extraneous `-puma`  from app slug (#581)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/vendor/guides/quickstart.md

> You should now see a YAML editor where you can define how you application will work and the integration with KOTS functionality.

Reviewer: You should now see a YAML editor where you can define how **your** application...

Author: ```suggestion
You should now see a YAML editor where you can define how your application will work and the integration with KOTS functionality.
```

Once you are familiar with these concepts, you'll probably use our [CLI and API](/vendor/cli) to automate this rather than manually edit YAML on this page.

> If you're itching to hit the command line rather than editing YAML in the browser, you can always switch gears and follow our [CLI Quickstart guide](/vendor/guides/cli-quickstart).

Reviewer: If you prefer to use the command line, rather than editing YAML in the browser, you can always follow our CLI QuickStart guide instead.

Author: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use the command line, rather than editing YAML in the browser, you can always follow our [CLI Quickstart guide](/vendor/guides/cli-quickstart) instead.
```
